son
Hurry up
You're dying anyway
Only your bone marrow can save him now
I beg you
I beg you to save your own father
Mother and son are not your relationship
Now I can only kneel down and beg you in person
Are you still going to die?
Chen Huacan
Hahaha Mr. Chen
You are so rebellious
Aren't you afraid of being angered by the world?
Ah good good
I didn't let my son save his father.
If you want to scold, scold me
Stop and add up
He can only make money with you, the disease of the adoptive mother
You can't give your biological father a bone marrow
I knew it!
It was you who provoked the relationship between our family
family
Your family is beautiful
And small meals deliver takeout for life
Do you really think of him as family?
When he wanted to integrate into the Jiang family 5 years ago
You wouldn't have kicked him out of the Jiang family
Until now I need his bone marrow
The turtle's feet splashed about the family
It's okay, parents
Dear journalists
Come with me! OK.
After all, isn't it still because of the money?
As long as you are willing to donate your bone marrow
I will add this half of the shares to you as a guarantee.
Will soon be with the global
Cooperation with Huacan Group, the first in market value
This half of the shares will be worth over a billion
With this money, you can not only support your own body
I can also treat your sick foster mother
You think carefully
Even if I die, I won't let my son hurt himself
I don't know good or bad
Mom, you have raised me for so many years
If you have this money
I can treat you.
It can also give you a good life
Besides, the body and skin
Received parents
Dad is seriously ill
I couldn't just let you die.
I'll go.
OK?
son
Liu Yi, you are here
How is my dad?
The old man has almost recovered
I'll be out of the hospital tomorrow, that's great, that's great
What about this average share?
As soon as I woke up, I wanted to be a family property
Don't think you donated a little bone marrow
You are qualified to compete with me
Everything in the Jiang family belongs to me
What do you mean?